You want to find an expensive priced Chinese restaurant located in the south of the city. Make sure you get the address of the restaurant.
You want to find an expensive priced European restaurant located in the center of the city. Make sure you get the phone number of the restaurant.
You want to find a Swiss restaurant in the center of the city. Make sure you get all contact details of the restaurant (adress, postal code and phone number).
You want to find an Indian restaurant in the north of the city. 
You want to find a Spanish restaurant where you can stay for a while.
You want to find a expensive Japanese restaurant where you can stay long.
You are in the center of the city, and you are starving. You cannot travel far, and you are craving Lebanese food. Try to find a restaurant.
You are looking for cheap gastropub food. If you cannot find any, try different price ranges.
Find an expensive Mediterranean restaurant. Make sure you get the phone number.
Find a busy Thai restaurant. Make sure you get all their contact information.
Find an expensive Indian restaurant where you can stay long.
You are craving a cheap traditional meal. Find a suitable restaurant.
You watched Squid Game and are now craving Korean food. Find a Korean restaurant in your city. Make sure you get the postal code.
You remember a coworker being ecstatic about Tuscan food, but you can’t remember where the restaurant is located. You only remember the restaurant being busy and expensive.
It is your brother his birthday! You are looking for a moderately priced Moroccan restaurant where you can stay for a while.
Find a romantic restaurant.
Find a restaurant that is suitable for children.
Find a moderately priced European restaurant in the south of the city. If none are available, try the center of the city.
Find an cheaply priced Persian restaurant in the west of the city. If none are available, try the north of the city.
You are craving seafood and want to enjoy it for a while. Find a restaurant that serves seafood and where you can stay long.